Import pymeshd (#27)
SilvairGit/python-bluetooth-mesh: doc/index.rst

Welcome to bluetooth-mesh documentation!
===================================

This package provides a micro-framework for mesh applications. 

The framework consists of two main parts:

* :py:mod:`bluetooth_mesh.application` is a high-level wrapper/provider of BlueZ's

>   D-Bus API, working on top of dbussy_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  D-Bus API, working on top of dbus_next_.
```
And fix the link.
